001
THE DROP
start

# Event // #001

## THE DROP

*"Nothing says 'trial by fire' quite like fighting for your life in the debris of your dropship. Make sure you make it out of this alive."*

# Objectives: 
- Land at Forward Operating Base Saber and await further orders. (GM Note: This will immediately be changed to "Make your way through Nov Elysia to reach FOB Saber" following the events of COMBAT 01: IT'S NOT THE FALL THAT KILLS YOU... [p. 16].)

# Parameters: 
- Unknown at this time. Hostile forces are confirmed to be operating within Nov Elysia, so anticipate enemy contact; you are cleared to engage if fired upon.

# Stakes

- Failure to rendezvous at FOB Saber in a timely fashion will result in delays, setting the operation's timetable back and potentially narrowing the window of opportunity to rescue Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee. (GM Note: This will be changed to "Failure to clear an approach corridor to FOB Saber through Sovereignty defences will result in additional casualties and delays for second-wave reinforcements arriving from the Rio Grande" during the events of BEAT: BROKEN SKY [p. 21].)

# Reward 
- Once the players arrive at FOB Saber, the situation on the ground will be evaluated and field upgrades distributed accordingly, bringing the PCs up to LL1. At his discretion, 1st Lt. Kim may also authorize the distribution of advanced weapons and systems as EXOTIC GEAR.
---

> Your transport ship has been hijacked, but you're armed- Your licenses have been activated early, and the mech-scale printer inside your transport has been activated.

> Get out alive, adapt on the fly, and locate a way to Swan Academy. Surely these pirates have an escape ride you can use?
